On this GitHub page I am creating an employer and employee app where both searching of employees and employment will take part. I am going to be using React , Redux CSS and lastly HTML to be doing this particular project. On the Redux part I will be setting my state , also adding reducers and action types. With React I will be using it to do the functionality of the App and create function to submit and other features. I have created a components file which will hold my files for  the, sign up, form , profile and list ogf jobs pages. I have also another different components folder with the redux actions and reducers which contains other file that have also been coded using redux. To run this App you will need to clone this repo, once you have cloned it you must open it with Visual studio code. Because it is a React app you need to run it on your Browser using yarn start. The home page is the sign up page and on Submit it will either direct you to a page to apply for a job or a page to fill out a form depending on the selection you have chosen. When you have selected the option to apply for a job on the page you will be redirected to you will be able to apply and on 'apply' you will then be redirected to another page where you can be able to view your profile and job applications. If you have selected the other option which is to find a worker you will then be redirected to a form so you can register the job and it can be able to appear as an available post and be added on the list of available posts.